Student Transcript
25-04-2025
Ind0xmitable
#1269171
Certications obtained: 2
Paths completed: 4
Targets compromised: 392
Ranking: Top 1%
CERTIFICATIONS OBTAINED CERTIFIED ON
HTB Certied Penetration Testing Specialist
28 Modules Medium Penetration Testing
HTB Certied Penetration Testing Specialist (HTB CPTS) is a highly handson certication that assesses the candidates’ penetration testing skills.
HTB Certied Penetration Testing Specialist certication holders will
possess technical competency in the ethical hacking and penetration
testing domains at an intermediate level. They will also be able to assess
the risk at which an infrastructure is exposed and compose a commercialgrade as well as actionable report.
January 06 2025
HTB Certied Bug Bounty Hunter
20 Modules Medium Bug Bounty Hunting
HTB Certied Bug Bounty Hunter (HTB CBBH) is a highly hands-on
certication that assesses the candidates’ bug bounty hunting and web
application pentesting skills. HTB Certied Bug Bounty Hunter
certication holders will possess technical competency in the bug bounty
hunting and web application penetration testing domains at an
intermediate level. They will also be able to assess the risk at which a web
application, service, or API is exposed and compose a commercial-grade
as well as actionable report.
February 19 2025
PATHS COMPLETED PROGRESS
Bug Bounty Hunter
20 Modules Medium
The Bug Bounty Hunter Job Role Path is for individuals who want to enter
the world of Bug Bounty Hunting with little to no prior experience. This
path covers core web application security assessment and bug bounty
hunting concepts and provides a deep understanding of the attack tactics
used during bug bounty hunting. Armed with the necessary theoretical
background, multiple practical exercises, and a proven bug bounty
hunting methodology, students will go through all bug bounty hunting
stages, from reconnaissance and bug identication to exploitation,
documentation, and communication to vendors/programs. Upon
completing this job role path, you will have become procient in the most
common bug bounty hunting and attack techniques against web
applications and be in the position of professionally reporting bugs to a
vendor.
100% Completed
Cracking into Hack the Box
3 Modules Easy
To be successful in any technical information security role, we must have
a broad understanding of specialized tools, tactics, and terminology. This
path introduces core concepts necessary for anyone interested in a
hands-on technical infosec role. The modules also provide the essential
prerequisite knowledge for joining the main Hack The Box platform,
progressing through Starting Point through easy-rated retired machines,
and solving "live" machines with no walkthrough. It also includes helpful
information about staying organized, navigating the HTB platforms,
common pitfalls, and selecting a penetration testing distribution. Students
will complete their rst box during this path with a guided walkthrough
and be challenged to complete a box on their own by applying the
knowledge learned in the Getting Started module.
100% Completed
Local Privilege Escalation
2 Modules Medium
Privilege escalation is a vital phase of the penetration testing process, one
we may revisit multiple times during an engagement. During our
assessments, we will encounter a large variety of operating systems and
applications. Most often, if we can exploit a vulnerability and gain a
foothold on a host, it will be running some version of Windows or Linux.
Both present a large attack surface with many tactics and techniques
available to us for escalating privileges. This path teaches the core
concepts of local privilege escalation necessary for being successful
against Windows and Linux systems. The path covers manual
enumeration and exploitation and the use of tools to aid in the process.
100% Completed
Penetration Tester
28 Modules Medium
The Penetration Tester Job Role Path is for newcomers to information
security who aspire to become professional penetration testers. This path
covers core security assessment concepts and provides a deep
understanding of the specialized tools, attack tactics, and methodology
used during penetration testing. Armed with the necessary theoretical
background and multiple practical exercises, students will go through all
penetration testing stages, from reconnaissance and enumeration to
documentation and reporting. Upon completing this job role path, you will
have obtained the practical skills and mindset necessary to perform
professional security assessments against enterprise-level infrastructure
at an intermediate level. The Information Security Foundations skill path
can be considered prerequisite knowledge to be successful while working
through this job role path.
100% Completed
MODULE PROGRESS
Hacking WordPress
16 Sections Easy Oensive
WordPress is an open-source Content Management System (CMS) that
can be used for multiple purposes.
100% Completed
Network Enumeration with Nmap
12 Sections Easy Oensive
Nmap is one of the most used networking mapping and discovery tools
because of its accurate results and eciency. The tool is widely used by
both oensive and defensive security practitioners. This module covers
fundamentals that will be needed to use the Nmap tool for performing
eective network enumeration.
100% Completed
File Transfers
10 Sections Medium Oensive
During an assessment, it is very common for us to transfer les to and
from a target system. This module covers le transfer techniques
leveraging tools commonly available across all versions of Windows and
Linux systems.
100% Completed
SQL Injection Fundamentals
17 Sections Medium Oensive
Databases are an important part of web application infrastructure and
SQL (Structured Query Language) to store, retrieve, and manipulate
information stored in them. SQL injection is a code injection technique
used to take advantage of coding vulnerabilities and inject SQL queries via
an application to bypass authentication, retrieve data from the back-end
database, or achieve code execution on the underlying server.
100% Completed
Web Requests
8 Sections Fundamental General
This module introduces the topic of HTTP web requests and how dierent
web applications utilize them to communicate with their backends.
100% Completed
File Inclusion
11 Sections Medium Oensive
File Inclusion is a common web application vulnerability, which can be
easily overlooked as part of a web application's functionality.
100% Completed
Using the Metasploit Framework
15 Sections Easy Oensive
The Metasploit Framework is an open-source set of tools used for
network enumeration, attacks, testing security vulnerabilities, evading
detection, performing privilege escalation attacks, and performing postexploitation.
100% Completed
JavaScript Deobfuscation
11 Sections Easy Defensive
This module will take you step-by-step through the fundamentals of
JavaScript Deobfuscation until you can deobfuscate basic JavaScript code
and understand its purpose.
100% Completed
Linux Privilege Escalation
28 Sections Easy Oensive
Privilege escalation is a crucial phase during any security assessment.
During this phase, we attempt to gain access to additional users, hosts,
and resources to move closer to the assessment's overall goal. There are
many ways to escalate privileges. This module aims to cover the most
common methods emphasizing real-world miscongurations and aws
that we may encounter in a client environment. The techniques covered in
this module are not an exhaustive list of all possibilities and aim to avoid
extreme "edge-case" tactics that may be seen in a Capture the Flag (CTF)
exercise.
100% Completed
Attacking Web Applications with Ffuf
13 Sections Easy Oensive
This module covers the fundamental enumeration skills of web fuzzing
and directory brute forcing using the Ffuf tool. The techniques learned in
this module will help us in locating hidden pages, directories, and
parameters when targeting web applications.
100% Completed
Login Brute Forcing
13 Sections Easy Oensive
The module contains an exploration of brute-forcing techniques, including
the use of tools like Hydra and Medusa, and the importance of strong
password practices. It covers various attack scenarios, such as targeting
SSH, FTP, and web login forms.
100% Completed
SQLMap Essentials
11 Sections Easy Oensive
The SQLMap Essentials module will teach you the basics of using
SQLMap to discover various types of SQL Injection vulnerabilities, all the
way to the advanced enumeration of databases to retrieve all data of
interest.
100% Completed
Windows Privilege Escalation
33 Sections Medium Oensive
After gaining a foothold, elevating our privileges will provide more options
for persistence and may reveal information stored locally that can further
our access in the environment. Enumeration is the key to privilege
escalation. When you gain initial shell access to the host, it is important to
gain situational awareness and uncover details relating to the OS version,
patch level, any installed software, our current privileges, group
memberships, and more. Windows presents an enormous attack surface
and, being that most companies run Windows hosts in some way, we will
more often than not nd ourselves gaining access to Windows machines
during our assessments. This covers common methods while
emphasizing real-world miscongurations and aws that we may
encounter during an assessment. There are many additional "edge-case"
possibilities not covered in this module. We will cover both modern and
legacy Windows Server and Desktop versions that may be present in a
client environment.
100% Completed
Introduction to Web Applications
17 Sections Fundamental General
In the Introduction to Web Applications module, you will learn all of the
basics of how web applications work and begin to look at them from an
information security perspective.
100% Completed
Getting Started
23 Sections Fundamental Oensive
This module covers the fundamentals of penetration testing and an
introduction to Hack The Box.
100% Completed
Broken Authentication
14 Sections Medium Oensive
Authentication is probably the most straightforward and prevalent
measure used to secure access to resources, and it's the rst line of
defense against unauthorized access. Broken authentication is listed as
#7 on the 2021 OWASP Top 10 Web Application Security Risks, falling
under the broader category of Identication and Authentication failures. A
vulnerability or misconguration at the authentication stage can impact an
application's overall security.
100% Completed
Intro to Network Trac Analysis
15 Sections Medium General
Network trac analysis is used by security teams to monitor network
activity and look for anomalies that could indicate security and operational
issues. Oensive security practitioners can use network trac analysis to
search for sensitive data such as credentials, hidden applications,
reachable network segments, or other potentially sensitive information "on
the wire." Network trac analysis has many uses for attackers and
defenders alike.
26.67% Completed
Penetration Testing Process
15 Sections Fundamental General
This module teaches the penetration testing process broken down into
each stage and discussed in detail. We will cover many aspects of the role
of a penetration tester during a penetration test, explained and illustrated
with detailed examples. The module also covers pre-engagement steps
like the criteria for establishing a contract with a client for a penetration
testing engagement.
100% Completed
Cross-Site Scripting (XSS)
10 Sections Easy Oensive
Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities are among the most common
web application vulnerabilities. An XSS vulnerability may allow an attacker
to execute arbitrary JavaScript code within the target's browser and result
in complete web application compromise if chained together with other
vulnerabilities. This module will teach you how to identify XSS
vulnerabilities and exploit them.
100% Completed
Vulnerability Assessment
17 Sections Easy Oensive
This module introduces the concept of Vulnerability Assessments. We will
review the dierences between vulnerability assessments and penetration
tests, how to carry out a vulnerability assessment, how to interpret the
assessment results, and how to deliver an eective vulnerability
assessment report.
100% Completed
Command Injections
12 Sections Medium Oensive
Command injection vulnerabilities can be leveraged to compromise a
hosting server and its entire network. This module will teach you how to
identify and exploit command injection vulnerabilities and how to use
various lter bypassing techniques to avoid security mitigations.
100% Completed
Using Web Proxies
15 Sections Easy Oensive
Web application penetration testing frameworks are an essential part of
any web penetration test. This module will teach you two of the best
frameworks: Burp Suite and OWASP ZAP.
100% Completed
Footprinting
21 Sections Medium Oensive
This module covers techniques for footprinting the most commonly used
services in almost all enterprise and business IT infrastructures.
Footprinting is an essential phase of any penetration test or security audit
to identify and prevent information disclosure. Using this process, we
examine the individual services and attempt to obtain as much information
from them as possible.
100% Completed
Attacking Common Applications
33 Sections Medium Oensive
Penetration Testers can come across various applications, such as
Content Management Systems, custom web applications, internal portals
used by developers and sysadmins, and more. It's common to nd the
same applications across many dierent environments. While an
application may not be vulnerable in one environment, it may be
miscongured or unpatched in the next. It is important as an assessor to
have a rm grasp of enumerating and attacking the common applications
discussed in this module. This knowledge will help when encountering
other types of applications during assessments.
100% Completed
Shells & Payloads
17 Sections Medium Oensive
Gain the knowledge and skills to identify and use shells & payloads to
establish a foothold on vulnerable Windows & Linux systems. This module
utilizes a ctitious scenario where the learner will place themselves in the
perspective of a sysadmin trying out for a position on CAT5 Security's
network penetration testing team.
100% Completed
Attacking Common Services
19 Sections Medium Oensive
Organizations regularly use a standard set of services for dierent
purposes. It is vital to conduct penetration testing activities on each
service internally and externally to ensure that they are not introducing
security threats. This module will cover how to enumerate each service
and test it against known vulnerabilities and exploits with a standard set of
tools.
100% Completed
Web Attacks
18 Sections Medium Oensive
This module covers three common web vulnerabilities, HTTP Verb
Tampering, IDOR, and XXE, each of which can have a signicant impact on
a company's systems. We will cover how to identify, exploit, and prevent
each of them through various methods.
100% Completed
Information Gathering - Web Edition
19 Sections Easy Oensive
This module equips learners with essential web reconnaissance skills,
crucial for ethical hacking and penetration testing. It explores both active
and passive techniques, including DNS enumeration, web crawling,
analysis of web archives and HTTP headers, and ngerprinting web
technologies.
100% Completed
File Upload Attacks
11 Sections Medium Oensive
Arbitrary le uploads are among the most critical web vulnerabilities.
These aws enable attackers to upload malicious les, execute arbitrary
commands on the back-end server, and even take control over the entire
server and all web applications hosted on it and potentially gain access to
sensitive data or cause a service disruption.
100% Completed
Active Directory Enumeration & Attacks
36 Sections Medium Oensive
Active Directory (AD) is the leading enterprise domain management suite,
providing identity and access management, centralized domain
administration, authentication, and much more. Due to the many features
and complexity of AD, it presents a large attack surface that is dicult to
secure properly. To be successful as infosec professionals, we must
understand AD architectures and how to secure our enterprise
environments. As Penetration testers, having a rm grasp of what tools,
techniques, and procedures are available to us for enumerating and
attacking AD environments and commonly seen AD miscongurations is a
must.
100% Completed
Server-side Attacks
19 Sections Medium Oensive
A backend that handles user-supplied input insecurely can lead to
devastating security vulnerabilities such as sensitive information
disclosure and remote code execution. This module covers how to identify
and exploit server-side bugs, including Server-Side Request Forgery
(SSRF), Server-Side Template Injection (SSTI), and Server-Side Includes
(SSI) injection attacks.
100% Completed
Password Attacks
22 Sections Medium Oensive
Passwords are still the primary method of authentication in corporate
networks. If strong password policies are not in place, users will often opt
for weak, easy-to-remember passwords that can often be cracked oine
and used to further our access. We will encounter passwords in many
forms during our assessments. We must understand the various ways they
are stored, how they can be retrieved, methods to crack weak passwords,
ways to use hashes that cannot be cracked, and hunting for weak/default
password usage.
100% Completed
Incident Handling Process
9 Sections Fundamental General
Security Incident handling has become a vital part of each organization's
defensive strategy, as attacks constantly evolve and successful
compromises are becoming a daily occurrence. In this module, we will
review the process of handling an incident from the very early stage of
detecting a suspicious event, to conrming a compromise and responding
to it.
100% Completed
Session Security
14 Sections Medium Oensive
Maintaining and keeping track of a user's session is an integral part of
web applications. It is an area that requires extensive testing to ensure it is
set up robustly and securely. This module covers the most common
attacks and vulnerabilities that can aect web application sessions, such
as Session Hijacking, Session Fixation, Cross-Site Request Forgery, CrossSite Scripting, and Open Redirects.
100% Completed
Pivoting, Tunneling, and Port Forwarding
18 Sections Medium Oensive
Once a foothold is gained during an assessment, it may be in scope to
move laterally and vertically within a target network. Using one
compromised machine to access another is called pivoting and allows us
to access networks and resources that are not directly accessible to us
through the compromised host. Port forwarding accepts the trac on a
given IP address and port and redirects it to a dierent IP address and port
combination. Tunneling is a technique that allows us to encapsulate trac
within another protocol so that it looks like a benign trac stream.
100% Completed
Web Service & API Attacks
13 Sections Medium Oensive
Web services and APIs are frequently exposed to provide certain
functionalities in a programmatic way between heterogeneous devices
and software components. Both web services and APIs can assist in
integrating dierent applications or facilitate separation within a given
application. This module covers how to identify the functionality a web
service or API oers and exploit any security-related ineciencies.
100% Completed
Bug Bounty Hunting Process
6 Sections Easy General
Bug bounty programs encourage security researchers to identify bugs and
submit vulnerability reports. Getting into the world of bug bounty hunting
without any prior experience can be a daunting task, though. This module
covers the bug bounty hunting process to help you start bug bounty
hunting in an organized and well-structured way. It's all about
eectiveness and professionally communicating your ndings.
100% Completed
Documentation & Reporting
8 Sections Easy General
Proper documentation is paramount during any engagement. The end
goal of a technical assessment is the report deliverable which will often be
presented to a broad audience within the target organization. We must
take detailed notes and be very organized in our documentation, which
will help us in the event of an incident during the assessment. This will
also help ensure that our reports contain enough detail to illustrate the
impact of our ndings properly.
100% Completed
Attacking Enterprise Networks
14 Sections Medium Oensive
We often encounter large and complex networks during our assessments.
We must be comfortable approaching an internal or external network,
regardless of the size, and be able to work through each phase of the
penetration testing process to reach our goal. This module will guide
students through a simulated penetration testing engagement, from start
to nish, with an emphasis on hands-on testing steps that are directly
applicable to real-world engagements.
100% Completed
Windows Attacks & Defense
16 Sections Medium Purple
Microsoft Active Directory (AD) has been, for the past 20+ years, the
leading enterprise domain management suite, providing identity and
access management, centralized domain administration, authentication,
and much more. Throughout those years, the more integrated our
applications and data have become with AD, the more exposed to a largescale compromise we have become. In this module, we will walk through
the most commonly abused and fruitful attacks against Active Directory
environments that allow threat actors to perform horizontal and vertical
privilege escalations in addition to lateral movement. One of the module's
core goals is to showcase prevention and detection methods against the
covered Active Directory attacks.
100% Completed
Security Monitoring & SIEM Fundamentals
11 Sections Easy Defensive
This module provides a concise yet comprehensive overview of Security
Information and Event Management (SIEM) and the Elastic Stack. It
demysties the essential workings of a Security Operation Center (SOC),
explores the application of the MITRE ATT&CK framework within SOCs,
and introduces SIEM (KQL) query development. With a focus on practical
skills, students will learn how to develop SIEM use cases and
visualizations using the Elastic Stack.
100% Completed
Introduction to Threat Hunting & Hunting With Elastic
6 Sections Medium Defensive
This module initially lays the groundwork for understanding Threat
Hunting, ranging from its basic denition, to the structure of a threat
hunting team. The module also dives into the threat hunting process,
highlighting the interrelationships between threat hunting, risk
assessment, and incident handling. Furthermore, the module elucidates
the fundamentals of Cyber Threat Intelligence (CTI). It expands on the
dierent types of threat intelligence and oers guidance on eectively
interpreting a threat intelligence report. Finally, the module puts theory
into practice, showcasing how to conduct threat hunting using the Elastic
stack. This practical segment uses real-world logs to provide learners with
hands-on experience.
100% Completed
Windows Event Logs & Finding Evil
6 Sections Medium Defensive
This module covers the exploration of Windows Event Logs and their
signicance in uncovering suspicious activities. Throughout the course,
we delve into the anatomy of Windows Event Logs and highlight the logs
that hold the most valuable information for investigations. The module
also focuses on utilizing Sysmon and Event Logs for detecting and
analyzing malicious behavior. Additionally, we delve into Event Tracing for
Windows (ETW), explaining its architecture and components, and provide
ETW-based detection examples. To streamline the analysis process, we
introduce the powerful Get-WinEvent cmdlet.
100% Completed
Working with IDS/IPS
11 Sections Medium Defensive
This module oers an in-depth exploration of Suricata, Snort, and Zeek,
covering both rule development and intrusion detection. We'll guide you
through signature-based and analytics-based rule development, and you'll
learn to tackle encrypted trac. The module features numerous hands-on
examples, focusing on the detection of prevalent malware such as
PowerShell Empire, Covenant, Sliver, Cerber, Dridex, Ursnif, and
Patchwork. We also dive into detecting attacking techniques like DNS
exltration, TLS/HTTP Exltration, PsExec lateral movement, and
beaconing through IDS/IPS.
18.18% Completed
YARA & Sigma for SOC Analysts
11 Sections Easy Defensive
This Hack The Box Academy module covers how to create YARA rules
both manually and automatically and apply them to hunt threats on disk,
live processes, memory, and online databases. Then, the module switches
gears to Sigma rules covering how to build Sigma rules, translate them
into SIEM queries using "sigmac", and hunt threats in both event logs and
SIEM solutions. It's all hands-on, using real-world malware and
techniques.
18.18% Completed
Security Incident Reporting
5 Sections Easy General
Tailored to provide a holistic understanding, this Hack The Box Academy
module ensures participants are adept at identifying, categorizing, and
documenting security incidents with utmost accuracy and
professionalism. The module meticulously breaks down the elements of a
robust incident report and then presents participants with a real-world
incident report, oering practical insights into the application of the
concepts discussed.
100% Completed
Intro to Academy's Purple Modules
13 Sections Medium Purple
This module will introduce you to HTB Academy's Purple modules, which
bridge the gap between Oensive and Defensive modules and provide a
holistic view of both the attacking and defending perspectives on the
covered topics. More specically, the Purple modules will allow for indepth forensic analysis through detailed logging, trac and memory
capturing, and an installed DFIR toolset within each target after
completing the attack part of each section.
23.08% Completed